# (Obsolete) Equosile Universal Gadgets
# 1.19.22 Bedrock Edition
# Version 1.0.0.2 (2022-09-06)
- ## Bedrock Universal Multi-purpose Tools Version 1.0.0.2
  - ### (tested on the 6th of September 2022)
- ## Equosile's Gadget-Collections for Minecraft Bedrock Edition
- ## BSD Zero Clause Licence (0BSD)
# 
<pre>
The BSD Zero Clause License (0BSD)

Copyright (c) 2022-08-11 (11th Aug. 2022) Equosile.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
</pre>
# 
- ### 1. ??? (Random Box)
  - #### The Great Initiation of All the Gadgets
  - #### Most of valuable materials are generated by "???".
  - #### A random item generator used for a random-signal-generation within item sorters
  - #### The current looting-pool is as follows:
<pre>
 Block of Diamond        Block of Emerald        3 * Block of Gold
 Block of Netherite      Block of Lapis Lazuli   3 * Block of Redstone
 64 * Red Sand           Crying Obsidian         9 * Glowstone
 3 * Shroomlight
</pre>
#####
<pre>
 Therefore, due to the 10 different outputs,
 the item sorter with this Random Box can be
 a random signal generator of the decimal system.
</pre>
##### 
  - ##### 1.1. Recipe
<pre>
 O G O : O and G for Crying Obsidian and Glowstone
 G S G : S for Shroomlight
 O G O
</pre>
### 
- ### 2. Universal Gadget No. 0
  - #### The New Type Crafting Bench
  - #### The gadget series is crafted within the U.G. No. 0.
  - #### A Compass that can produce a random-redstone-signal
<pre>
 It can also become a compass; the one block forward from
 the nortern face of this block is randomly occupied by a redstone torch,
 such that there is a random redstone signal at that point.
</pre>
##### 
  - ##### 2.1. Recipe
<pre>
 E C E : E and C for Enchanting Table and Crafting Table
 C D C : D for ??? (Equosile Random Box)
 E C E
</pre>
- ### 3. Universal Gadget No. 1
  - #### A combination amongst a pickaxe, an axe, a shovel, and a hoe
<pre>
 This one tiny tool can be
 a pickaxe, an axe (very powerful), a shovel and a hoe at the same time.
</pre>
##### 
  - ##### 3.1. Recipe in U.G. No. 0
    - ###### The ordinary crafting table cannot be utilised. 
<pre>
 N N N : N for Netherite Block
 D D D : D for Diamond Block
 G I G : G and I for Gold Block and Iron Block
</pre>
###
- ### 4. Divine Apple
  - #### The New Enchanted Golden Apple (Standalone)
  - #### One of the key materials for the Gadget No. 2
<pre>
 The apple is designed for clutches.
 When it comes to a narrow escape from death,
 this apple can be the option of the salvation.
</pre>
#####
  - ##### 4.1. Recipe 
<pre>
 D G D : D and G for Diamond Block and Gold Block
 G A G : A for Golden Apple
 D G D
</pre>
###
- ### 5. Universal Gadget No. 2
  - #### A Piece of the Absolute Pizza for Everything
  - #### Composed of the Divine Apple
<pre>
 Can we put the amazing apple upon pizza, because why not?
 The recipe is inspired by Hawaiian Pizza.
 The only difference is that
 the Gadget No. 2 is jolly sacred due to the Divine Apple.
</pre>
#####
  - ##### 5.1. The Base Item Recipe in U.G. No. 0
    - ###### The ordinary crafting table cannot be utilised.
<pre>
 H S H : H and S for Hay Bale and Shroomlight
 M A M : M and A for Red or Brown Mushroom Block and the Divine Apple
 W C W : W and C for Cobweb and Magma Cream
</pre>
##### 
  - ##### 5.2. Final Recipe
    - ###### Smoker
<pre>
 Cook the Raw U.G. No. 2 within Smoker.
</pre>
###
- ### 6. Hidden Recipe: Dice for Mini-games
  - #### The DICE in Bedrock Edition
<pre>
 This is the very first ever existing DICE in Bedrock Edition
 at least where I have PRIVATELY acknowledged so far.
</pre>
  - #### It can technically become a random number generator.
<pre>
 The scoreboard declared as "Pip" can store
 a random integer of which the range is from 1 to 6.
</pre>
<pre>
 If claiming the actual "score" is important,
 other than just the visual determination of the floating dice item over ground,
 then the block interaction with the dice is needed.
 e.g. Earning 4 Pip-score from right-clicking
      the Tetrapip-dice that is constructed
	  on the world from inventory manually.
</pre>
<pre>
 This feature of claiming scores is intentionally separated
 from rolling action of the dice.
 Instead of yielding the score as soon as rolling the dice,
 this system manually and passively induces the scoreboard.
 This can be convenient for the users who do not predominently
 want to adjust the dice effects automatically.
 (e.g. THE DICE HAS SPECIAL EFFECTS LIKE HASTE!)
 Additionally, in the future update, this system can be used for
 some exclusive functions of various mini board games like Monopoly.
</pre>
#####
  - ##### 6.1. Recipe in Inventory (or Crafting Table)
    - ###### ??? (Equosile Random Box) -> 3 * Dice
#####
  - ##### 6.2. As for each Pip (rolling a dice causing a random result)
    - ###### Just throw (e.g. Pressing 'Q') the Dice Prime on ground.
    - ###### Install the Dice Prime on ground and right-click it.
###
- ### 7. Hidden Recipe for Peripheral Stuff
  - ##### 7.1. Recipe for Cobweb
<pre>
 W W W : W for String
 W S W : S for Slime Ball
 W W W
</pre>
  - ##### 7.2. Recipe for Mushroom Block
    - ###### 9 pieces of Red Mushroom for Red Mushroom Block
    - ###### 9 pieces of Brown Mushroom for Brown Mushroom Block
<pre>
 M M M : M for Mushroom (either Red or Brown)
 M M M
 M M M
</pre>
  - ##### 7.3. Recovering Quartz from Block of Quartz
    - ###### Recipe in Inventory (or Crafting Table)
<pre>
 Q Q   : W for String
 Q Q   : S for Slime Ball
     
</pre>
###
- ### 8. Hidden Functions
  - ##### 8.1. Changing Time Scale
<pre>
 This feature is designed as a Minecraft-event-scheduler for the future update.
 However in terms of testing stages for this fundamental infrastructure,
 this only functions as changing the scale of Minecraft daytime.
 
 To adjust this feature into the Minecraft world, enter the following command.
 
 /function timer_on
 
 To go back to the normal time scale, the command is as follows.
 
 /function timer_off
 
 The current time scale is 20 tick : 1 tick.
 It is meant to be 1 Minecraft time-unit would become like 1 real-world second,
 so that the duration of one day in the Minecraft world is extended around twentyfold.
 The function here only affects the duration of the day, not the actual ticking scale.
</pre>

